coingecko/README.md, before:

# Chainlink External Adapter for CoinGecko

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |                                                        Options                                                        | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint), [globalmarketcap](#Global-Market-Capitalization-Endpoint), [dominance](#Dominance-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Query the price from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/simple/price)

### Input Params

|         Required?          |            Name            |               Description                |                                        Options                                         | Defaults to |
| :------------------------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|  🟡 (if not using `base`)  |          `coinid`          |  The CoinGecko id of the coin to query   | [See list here](https://www.coingecko.com/api/documentations/v3#/coins/get_coins_list) |             |
| 🟡 (if not using `coinid`) | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    |                                           ↑                                            |             |
|             ✅             | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to |                                           ↑                                            |             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "ethereum": {
      "usd": 157.24
    },
    "result": 157.24
  },
  "result": 157.24,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Global Market Capitalization Endpoint

Query the global market cap from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global)

### Input Params

| Required? |               Name                |           Description           |                           Options                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `market`, `to`, `quote` or `coin` | The ticker of the coin to query | [Supported tickers](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global) |             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "data": {
      "active_cryptocurrencies": 5957,
      "upcoming_icos": 0,
      "ongoing_icos": 52,
      "ended_icos": 3373,
      "markets": 541,
      "total_market_cap": {
        "btc": 30989831.79926188,
        "eth": 1002584380.7395577,
        "ltc": 7874292256.0918255,
        "bch": 1532212026.6933346,
        "bnb": 12865279127.650606,
        "eos": 146311079039.56436,
        "xrp": 1516169090335.9976,
        "xlm": 4552439205624.754,
        "link": 37340996120.73051,
        ...
      },
      "total_volume": {
        "btc": 3796204.0720707024,
        "eth": 122814958.57775663,
        "ltc": 964588014.5745924,
        "bch": 187693485.16268748,
        "bnb": 1575975801.6459033,
        "eos": 17922869592.737896,
        "xrp": 185728251510.49503,
        "xlm": 557666410137.1028,
        "link": 4574211388.00985,
        ...
      },
      "market_cap_percentage": {
        "btc": 59.76998558746993,
        "eth": 11.279054372152645,
        "usdt": 4.2918601818054105,
        "xrp": 2.9844952413180397,
        "bch": 1.2106035362038838,
        "bnb": 1.1507246890199336,
        "link": 1.050511825669937,
        "dot": 0.9735970943267678,
        "ada": 0.8605029833772749,
        "ltc": 0.8346408581868999
      },
      "market_cap_change_percentage_24h_usd": -0.2995489834770486,
      "updated_at": 1603237580
    },
    "result": 30989831.79926188
  },
  "result": 30989831.79926188,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Dominance Endpoint

Query the market dominance percentage from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global)

### Input Params

| Required? |               Name                |           Description           |                           Options                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `market`, `to`, `quote` or `coin` | The ticker of the coin to query | [Supported tickers](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global) |             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "data": {
      "active_cryptocurrencies": 5957,
      "upcoming_icos": 0,
      "ongoing_icos": 52,
      "ended_icos": 3373,
      "markets": 541,
      "total_market_cap": {
        "btc": 30989831.79926188,
        "eth": 1002584380.7395577,
        "ltc": 7874292256.0918255,
        "bch": 1532212026.6933346,
        "bnb": 12865279127.650606,
        "eos": 146311079039.56436,
        "xrp": 1516169090335.9976,
        "xlm": 4552439205624.754,
        "link": 37340996120.73051,
        ...
      },
      "total_volume": {
        "btc": 3796204.0720707024,
        "eth": 122814958.57775663,
        "ltc": 964588014.5745924,
        "bch": 187693485.16268748,
        "bnb": 1575975801.6459033,
        "eos": 17922869592.737896,
        "xrp": 185728251510.49503,
        "xlm": 557666410137.1028,
        "link": 4574211388.00985,
        ...
      },
      "market_cap_percentage": {
        "btc": 59.76998558746993,
        "eth": 11.279054372152645,
        "usdt": 4.2918601818054105,
        "xrp": 2.9844952413180397,
        "bch": 1.2106035362038838,
        "bnb": 1.1507246890199336,
        "link": 1.050511825669937,
        "dot": 0.9735970943267678,
        "ada": 0.8605029833772749,
        "ltc": 0.8346408581868999
      },
      "market_cap_change_percentage_24h_usd": -0.2995489834770486,
      "updated_at": 1603237580
    },
    "result": 30989831.79926188
  },
  "result": 59.76998558746993,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

Commit message:

Overrides Input parameter (#384)
* override format validator. coingecko impl

* price adapter use overrides

* overrides validator test

* override inside validator

* refactor

* more adapters added

* more adapters added

* readmes updated

* lint fix

* preset symbols used

re

* tests updated

* merge with lodash

* fix merge

coingecko/README.md, after:

# Chainlink External Adapter for CoinGecko

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |                                                        Options                                                        | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint), [globalmarketcap](#Global-Market-Capitalization-Endpoint), [dominance](#Dominance-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Query the price from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/simple/price)

### Input Params

|         Required?          |            Name            |               Description                |                                        Options                                         | Defaults to |
| :------------------------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|  🟡 (if not using `base`)  |          `coinid`          |  The CoinGecko id of the coin to query   | [See list here](https://www.coingecko.com/api/documentations/v3#/coins/get_coins_list) |             |
| 🟡 (if not using `coinid`) | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    |                                           ↑                                            |             |
|             ✅             | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to |                                           ↑                                            |             |
|    🟡     |   `overrides`   | If base provided is found in overrides, that will be used  | [Format](../presetSymbols.json)|             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "ethereum": {
      "usd": 157.24
    },
    "result": 157.24
  },
  "result": 157.24,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Global Market Capitalization Endpoint

Query the global market cap from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global)

### Input Params

| Required? |               Name                |           Description           |                           Options                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `market`, `to`, `quote` or `coin` | The ticker of the coin to query | [Supported tickers](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global) |             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "data": {
      "active_cryptocurrencies": 5957,
      "upcoming_icos": 0,
      "ongoing_icos": 52,
      "ended_icos": 3373,
      "markets": 541,
      "total_market_cap": {
        "btc": 30989831.79926188,
        "eth": 1002584380.7395577,
        "ltc": 7874292256.0918255,
        "bch": 1532212026.6933346,
        "bnb": 12865279127.650606,
        "eos": 146311079039.56436,
        "xrp": 1516169090335.9976,
        "xlm": 4552439205624.754,
        "link": 37340996120.73051,
        ...
      },
      "total_volume": {
        "btc": 3796204.0720707024,
        "eth": 122814958.57775663,
        "ltc": 964588014.5745924,
        "bch": 187693485.16268748,
        "bnb": 1575975801.6459033,
        "eos": 17922869592.737896,
        "xrp": 185728251510.49503,
        "xlm": 557666410137.1028,
        "link": 4574211388.00985,
        ...
      },
      "market_cap_percentage": {
        "btc": 59.76998558746993,
        "eth": 11.279054372152645,
        "usdt": 4.2918601818054105,
        "xrp": 2.9844952413180397,
        "bch": 1.2106035362038838,
        "bnb": 1.1507246890199336,
        "link": 1.050511825669937,
        "dot": 0.9735970943267678,
        "ada": 0.8605029833772749,
        "ltc": 0.8346408581868999
      },
      "market_cap_change_percentage_24h_usd": -0.2995489834770486,
      "updated_at": 1603237580
    },
    "result": 30989831.79926188
  },
  "result": 30989831.79926188,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Dominance Endpoint

Query the market dominance percentage from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global)

### Input Params

| Required? |               Name                |           Description           |                           Options                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `market`, `to`, `quote` or `coin` | The ticker of the coin to query | [Supported tickers](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global) |             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "data": {
      "active_cryptocurrencies": 5957,
      "upcoming_icos": 0,
      "ongoing_icos": 52,
      "ended_icos": 3373,
      "markets": 541,
      "total_market_cap": {
        "btc": 30989831.79926188,
        "eth": 1002584380.7395577,
        "ltc": 7874292256.0918255,
        "bch": 1532212026.6933346,
        "bnb": 12865279127.650606,
        "eos": 146311079039.56436,
        "xrp": 1516169090335.9976,
        "xlm": 4552439205624.754,
        "link": 37340996120.73051,
        ...
      },
      "total_volume": {
        "btc": 3796204.0720707024,
        "eth": 122814958.57775663,
        "ltc": 964588014.5745924,
        "bch": 187693485.16268748,
        "bnb": 1575975801.6459033,
        "eos": 17922869592.737896,
        "xrp": 185728251510.49503,
        "xlm": 557666410137.1028,
        "link": 4574211388.00985,
        ...
      },
      "market_cap_percentage": {
        "btc": 59.76998558746993,
        "eth": 11.279054372152645,
        "usdt": 4.2918601818054105,
        "xrp": 2.9844952413180397,
        "bch": 1.2106035362038838,
        "bnb": 1.1507246890199336,
        "link": 1.050511825669937,
        "dot": 0.9735970943267678,
        "ada": 0.8605029833772749,
        "ltc": 0.8346408581868999
      },
      "market_cap_change_percentage_24h_usd": -0.2995489834770486,
      "updated_at": 1603237580
    },
    "result": 30989831.79926188
  },
  "result": 59.76998558746993,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```
