dxfeed-secondary/README.md, before:

# Chainlink External Adapter for dxFeed

An adapter to add secondary mapping for symbols:

```bash
TSLA ➡️ 'TSLA.US:TEI'
```

## Configuration

This adapter supports the following environment variables:

- `API_USERNAME`: Your API username
- `API_PASSWORD`: Your API password
- `API_ENDPOINT`: The endpoint for your dxFeed. Defaults to the demo endpoint (`https://tools.dxfeed.com/webservice/rest`)

## Input Params

- `base`, `from`, or `asset`: The symbol of the asset to query
- `endpoint`: Optional endpoint param

## Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "status": "OK",
    "Trade": {
      "UKX:FTSE": {
        "eventSymbol": "UKX:FTSE",
        "eventTime": 0,
        "time": 1593001772000,
        "timeNanoPart": 0,
        "sequence": 115972,
        "exchangeCode": "",
        "price": 6194.63,
        "size": 0,
        "dayVolume": 0,
        "dayTurnover": "NaN",
        "tickDirection": "ZERO_UP",
        "extendedTradingHours": false
      }
    },
    "result": 6194.63
  },
  "result": 6194.63,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

Commit message:

Dxfeed ednpoint falls back to price endpoint

dxfeed-secondary/README.md, after:

# Chainlink External Adapter for dxFeed

An adapter to add secondary mapping for symbols:

```bash
TSLA ➡️ 'TSLA.US:TEI'
```

## Configuration

This adapter supports the following environment variables:

- `API_USERNAME`: Your API username
- `API_PASSWORD`: Your API password
- `API_ENDPOINT`: The endpoint for your dxFeed. Defaults to the demo endpoint (`https://tools.dxfeed.com/webservice/rest`)

## Input Params

- `base`, `from`, or `asset`: The symbol of the asset to query
- `endpoint`: Optional endpoint param, defaults to using the price endpoint

## Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "status": "OK",
    "Trade": {
      "UKX:FTSE": {
        "eventSymbol": "UKX:FTSE",
        "eventTime": 0,
        "time": 1593001772000,
        "timeNanoPart": 0,
        "sequence": 115972,
        "exchangeCode": "",
        "price": 6194.63,
        "size": 0,
        "dayVolume": 0,
        "dayTurnover": "NaN",
        "tickDirection": "ZERO_UP",
        "extendedTradingHours": false
      }
    },
    "result": 6194.63
  },
  "result": 6194.63,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```
