packages/core/bootstrap/src/lib/external-adapter/README.md, before:

# External Adapter Helper

This package helps with creating Chainlink external adapters in NodeJS.

## Adding to your project

```
yarn add @chainlink/external-adapter
```

## Usage

```javascript
const { Requester, Validator } = require('@chainlink/ea-bootstrap')
```

## Validator

Custom parameters can be given to the Validator in order to ensure that the requester supplied parameters which are expected by the endpoint.

```javascript
const customParams = {
  // An array of strings can be used to indicate that one of
  // the following keys must be supplied by the requester
  base: ['base', 'from', 'coin'],
  quote: ['quote', 'to', 'market'],
  // Specific keys can be given a Boolean flag to indicate
  // whether or not the requester is required to provide
  // a value
  endpoint: false,
}
```

### Validator

The Validator relies on the data supplied in the customParams object to ensure that a requester supplied the expected parameters.

#### Arguments

- `callback` (Function): The callback function to execute if validation fails
- `input` (Object): The request payload from the Chainlink node
- `customParams` (Object): A customParams object as shown above

Validation of the requester's input parameters can be done by creating an instance of the Validator.

```javascript
// The input data is validated upon instantiating the Validator
const validator = new Validator(input, customParams)
// Check for error, and callback if exists
if (validator.error) return callback(validator.error.statusCode, validator.errored)
```

Validated params can be obtained from the `validator.validated` object.

```javascript
// The jobRunID is always supplied by the Chainlink node, but in case
// it's not supplied upon invoking the external adapter, it will default
// to '1'
const jobRunID = validator.validated.id
// Since endpoint doesn't need to be supplied by the requester, we can
// assign a default value
const endpoint = validator.validated.data.endpoint || 'price'
// We specified that one of the values in the base array should be a
// parameter in use, that value is stored in the name of the key you
// specified for the array
const base = validator.validated.data.base
const quote = validator.validated.data.quote
```

### overrideToken

#### Arguments

- `symbol` (String): The symbol to get the token of
- `network` (String): Optional param to define which network to get the token for. Default: "mainnet"

Use `overrideToken` to get the token address of the given symbol

```typescript
const address = validator.overrideToken("WETH")
// "0xc02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2"
```

### overrideIncludes

#### Arguments

- `adapter` (String): The name of the adapter in use
- `from` (String): The "from" symbol
- `to` (String): The "to" symbol
- `includes` (Includes[]): Array of Includes objects

Get the first applicable Includes object that can be used as an override

```typescript
const tokenOverride = validator.overrideIncludesToken(
  "MyAdapter",
  ""
  [{ from: "WETH", to: "WBTC", adapters: ["OtherAdapter"] }, { from: "ETH", to: "WBTC" }]
)
// {
//   from: "ETH",
//   to: "WBTC"
// }
```

## Requester

The Requester is a wrapper around a retryable pattern for reaching out to an endpoint. It can be supplied with a customError object to describe the custom error cases which the adapter should retry fetching data even if the response was successful.

```javascript
const customError = (data) => {
  // Error cases should return true
  if (Object.keys(data).length === 0) return true
  // If no error case is caught, return false
  return false
}
```

### request

#### Arguments

- `config` (Object): An [axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios) config object
- `customError` (Object): A customError object as shown above
- `retries` (Number): The number of retries the adapter should attempt to call the API
- `delay` (Number): The delay between retries (value in ms)

Call `Requester.request` to have the adapter retry failed connection attempts (along with any customError cases) for the given URL within the config.

```javascript
Requester.request(config, customError, retries, delay)
  .then((response) => {
    // Optionally store the desired result at data.result
    response.data.result = Requester.validateResultNumber(response.data, ['eth', 'usd'])
    // Return the successful response back to the Chainlink node
    callback(response.statusCode, Requester.success(jobRunID, response))
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    callback(500, Requester.errored(jobRunID, error))
  })
```

### validateResultNumber

#### Arguments

- `data` (Object): The response's data object
- `path` (Array): An array of strings (or values of strings) or numbers for indicies to walk the JSON path
- `options?` (Options): Optional set of options for getting the result

#### Options

```js
{
  inverse: false // Set to true to get the inverse rate 
}
```

You can use `validateResultNumber` to obtain the value at the given path and receive a number. It takes the response data's object and an array representing the JSON path to return. If the value at the given path is `undefined` or `0`, an error will be thrown.

```javascript
const result = Requester.validateResultNumber(response.data, ['eth', 'usd'])
```

### getResult

#### Arguments

- `data` (Object): The response's data object
- `path` (Array): An array of strings (or values of strings) or numbers for indicies to walk the JSON path

The `getResult` function is similar to `validateResultNumber` but if the value at the given path is not found, no error will be thrown.

```javascript
const result = Requester.getResult(response.data, ['eth', 'usd'])
```

### errored

Returns the error object formatted in a way which is expected by the Chainlink node.

#### Arguments

- `jobRunID` (String): The job's run ID
- `error` (Object): The error object

```javascript
.catch(error => {
  callback(500, Requester.errored(jobRunID, error))
})
```

### success

Returns the response object formatted in a way which is expected by the Chainlink node.

#### Arguments

- `jobRunID` (String): The job's run ID
- `response` (Object): The response object

```javascript
.then(response => {
  callback(response.statusCode, Requester.success(jobRunID, response))
})
```

Commit message:

Implemented feedback from PR Review

packages/core/bootstrap/src/lib/external-adapter/README.md, after:

# External Adapter Helper

This package helps with creating Chainlink external adapters in NodeJS.

## Adding to your project

```
yarn add @chainlink/external-adapter
```

## Usage

```javascript
const { Requester, Validator } = require('@chainlink/ea-bootstrap')
```

## Validator

Custom parameters can be given to the Validator in order to ensure that the requester supplied parameters which are expected by the endpoint.

```javascript
const customParams = {
  // An array of strings can be used to indicate that one of
  // the following keys must be supplied by the requester
  base: ['base', 'from', 'coin'],
  quote: ['quote', 'to', 'market'],
  // Specific keys can be given a Boolean flag to indicate
  // whether or not the requester is required to provide
  // a value
  endpoint: false,
}
```

### Validator

The Validator relies on the data supplied in the customParams object to ensure that a requester supplied the expected parameters.

#### Arguments

- `callback` (Function): The callback function to execute if validation fails
- `input` (Object): The request payload from the Chainlink node
- `customParams` (Object): A customParams object as shown above

Validation of the requester's input parameters can be done by creating an instance of the Validator.

```javascript
// The input data is validated upon instantiating the Validator
const validator = new Validator(input, customParams)
// Check for error, and callback if exists
if (validator.error) return callback(validator.error.statusCode, validator.errored)
```

Validated params can be obtained from the `validator.validated` object.

```javascript
// The jobRunID is always supplied by the Chainlink node, but in case
// it's not supplied upon invoking the external adapter, it will default
// to '1'
const jobRunID = validator.validated.id
// Since endpoint doesn't need to be supplied by the requester, we can
// assign a default value
const endpoint = validator.validated.data.endpoint || 'price'
// We specified that one of the values in the base array should be a
// parameter in use, that value is stored in the name of the key you
// specified for the array
const base = validator.validated.data.base
const quote = validator.validated.data.quote
```

### overrideToken

#### Arguments

- `symbol` (String): The symbol to get the token of
- `network` (String): Optional param to define which network to get the token for. Default: "mainnet"

Use `overrideToken` to get the token address of the given symbol

```typescript
const address = validator.overrideToken("WETH")
// "0xc02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2"
```

### Includes Type:

```typescript
type Includes = {
    from: string, // From symbol
    to: string, // To symbol
    adapters?: string[], // Array of adapters this applies to
    inverse?: boolean // If the inverse should be calculated instead
    tokens?: boolean // If the token addresses should be used instead
}
```

### overrideIncludes

#### Arguments

- `adapter` (String): The name of the adapter in use
- `from` (String): The "from" symbol
- `to` (String): The "to" symbol
- `includes` (Includes[]): Array of Includes objects

Get the first applicable Includes object that can be used as an override

```typescript
const tokenOverride = validator.overrideIncludesToken(
  "MyAdapter",
  ""
  [{ from: "WETH", to: "WBTC", adapters: ["OtherAdapter"] }, { from: "ETH", to: "WBTC" }]
)
// {
//   from: "ETH",
//   to: "WBTC"
// }
```

## Requester

The Requester is a wrapper around a retryable pattern for reaching out to an endpoint. It can be supplied with a customError object to describe the custom error cases which the adapter should retry fetching data even if the response was successful.

```javascript
const customError = (data) => {
  // Error cases should return true
  if (Object.keys(data).length === 0) return true
  // If no error case is caught, return false
  return false
}
```

### request

#### Arguments

- `config` (Object): An [axios](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios) config object
- `customError` (Object): A customError object as shown above
- `retries` (Number): The number of retries the adapter should attempt to call the API
- `delay` (Number): The delay between retries (value in ms)

Call `Requester.request` to have the adapter retry failed connection attempts (along with any customError cases) for the given URL within the config.

```javascript
Requester.request(config, customError, retries, delay)
  .then((response) => {
    // Optionally store the desired result at data.result
    response.data.result = Requester.validateResultNumber(response.data, ['eth', 'usd'])
    // Return the successful response back to the Chainlink node
    callback(response.statusCode, Requester.success(jobRunID, response))
  })
  .catch((error) => {
    callback(500, Requester.errored(jobRunID, error))
  })
```

### validateResultNumber

#### Arguments

- `data` (Object): The response's data object
- `path` (Array): An array of strings (or values of strings) or numbers for indicies to walk the JSON path
- `options?` (Options): Optional set of options for getting the result

#### Options

```js
{
  inverse: false // Set to true to get the inverse rate 
}
```

You can use `validateResultNumber` to obtain the value at the given path and receive a number. It takes the response data's object and an array representing the JSON path to return. If the value at the given path is `undefined` or `0`, an error will be thrown.

```javascript
const result = Requester.validateResultNumber(response.data, ['eth', 'usd'])
```

### getResult

#### Arguments

- `data` (Object): The response's data object
- `path` (Array): An array of strings (or values of strings) or numbers for indicies to walk the JSON path

The `getResult` function is similar to `validateResultNumber` but if the value at the given path is not found, no error will be thrown.

```javascript
const result = Requester.getResult(response.data, ['eth', 'usd'])
```

### errored

Returns the error object formatted in a way which is expected by the Chainlink node.

#### Arguments

- `jobRunID` (String): The job's run ID
- `error` (Object): The error object

```javascript
.catch(error => {
  callback(500, Requester.errored(jobRunID, error))
})
```

### success

Returns the response object formatted in a way which is expected by the Chainlink node.

#### Arguments

- `jobRunID` (String): The job's run ID
- `response` (Object): The response object

```javascript
.then(response => {
  callback(response.statusCode, Requester.success(jobRunID, response))
})
```
