packages/sources/coinmetrics/README.md, before:

# Chainlink External Adapter for Coinmetrics

### Environment Variables

| Required? |  Name   |                            Description                             | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-----: | :----------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | API_KEY | An API key that can be obtained from the data provider's dashboard |         |             |

---

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |         Options          | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :----------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Endpoint to get the reference price of the asset.

### Input Params

| Required? |            Name            |               Description                |   Options    | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :----------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    |              |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to | `USD`, `EUR` |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "278c97ffadb54a5bbb93cfec5f7b5503",
  "data": {
    "base": "BTC",
    "quote": "USD"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "278c97ffadb54a5bbb93cfec5f7b5503",
  "result": 29689.476,
  "statusCode": 200,
  "data": {
    "result": 29689.476
  }
}
```

Commit message:

docs(coinmetrics): document WS needing unique connections per pair

packages/sources/coinmetrics/README.md, after:

# Chainlink External Adapter for Coinmetrics

#### Websocket support

This adapter supports Websockets. Due to the design of the API, each unique pair will be opened as a separate connection
on the WS API. This may cause unexpected behaviour for a large number of unique pairs.

### Environment Variables

| Required? |  Name   |                            Description                             | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-----: | :----------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | API_KEY | An API key that can be obtained from the data provider's dashboard |         |             |

---

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |         Options          | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :----------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Endpoint to get the reference price of the asset.

### Input Params

| Required? |            Name            |               Description                |   Options    | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :----------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    |              |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to | `USD`, `EUR` |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "278c97ffadb54a5bbb93cfec5f7b5503",
  "data": {
    "base": "BTC",
    "quote": "USD"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "278c97ffadb54a5bbb93cfec5f7b5503",
  "result": 29689.476,
  "statusCode": 200,
  "data": {
    "result": 29689.476
  }
}
```
