packages/sources/coingecko/README.md, before:

# Chainlink External Adapter for CoinGecko

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |                                                                         Options                                                                         | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint), [globalmarketcap](#Global-Market-Capitalization-Endpoint), [dominance](#Dominance-Endpoint), [marketcap](#Marketcap-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Query the price from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/simple/price)

### Input Params

|         Required?          |            Name            |                        Description                        |                                        Options                                         | Defaults to |
| :------------------------: | :------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|  (✅ if not using `base`)  |          `coinid`          |           The CoinGecko id of the coin to query           | [See list here](https://www.coingecko.com/api/documentations/v3#/coins/get_coins_list) |             |
| (✅ if not using `coinid`) | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |            The symbol of the currency to query            |                                           ↑                                            |             |
|             ✅             | `quote`, `to`, or `market` |         The symbol of the currency to convert to          |                                           ↑                                            |             |
|                            |        `overrides`         | If base provided is found in overrides, that will be used |  [Format](../../core/bootstrap/src/lib/external-adapter/overrides/presetSymbols.json)  |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "1",
  "data": {
    "base": "ETH",
    "quote": "USD"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "ethereum": {
      "usd": 157.24
    },
    "result": 157.24
  },
  "result": 157.24,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Global Market Capitalization Endpoint

Query the global market cap from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global)

### Input Params

| Required? |               Name                |           Description           |                           Options                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `market`, `to`, `quote` or `coin` | The ticker of the coin to query | [Supported tickers](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global) |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "1",
  "data": {
    "endpoint": "globalmarketcap",
    "coin": "ETH"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "data": {
      "active_cryptocurrencies": 5957,
      "upcoming_icos": 0,
      "ongoing_icos": 52,
      "ended_icos": 3373,
      "markets": 541,
      "total_market_cap": {
        "btc": 30989831.79926188,
        "eth": 1002584380.7395577,
        "ltc": 7874292256.0918255,
        "bch": 1532212026.6933346,
        "bnb": 12865279127.650606,
        "eos": 146311079039.56436,
        "xrp": 1516169090335.9976,
        "xlm": 4552439205624.754,
        "link": 37340996120.73051,
        ...
      },
      "total_volume": {
        "btc": 3796204.0720707024,
        "eth": 122814958.57775663,
        "ltc": 964588014.5745924,
        "bch": 187693485.16268748,
        "bnb": 1575975801.6459033,
        "eos": 17922869592.737896,
        "xrp": 185728251510.49503,
        "xlm": 557666410137.1028,
        "link": 4574211388.00985,
        ...
      },
      "market_cap_percentage": {
        "btc": 59.76998558746993,
        "eth": 11.279054372152645,
        "usdt": 4.2918601818054105,
        "xrp": 2.9844952413180397,
        "bch": 1.2106035362038838,
        "bnb": 1.1507246890199336,
        "link": 1.050511825669937,
        "dot": 0.9735970943267678,
        "ada": 0.8605029833772749,
        "ltc": 0.8346408581868999
      },
      "market_cap_change_percentage_24h_usd": -0.2995489834770486,
      "updated_at": 1603237580
    },
    "result": 30989831.79926188
  },
  "result": 30989831.79926188,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Dominance Endpoint

Query the market dominance percentage from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global)

### Input Params

| Required? |               Name                |           Description           |                           Options                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `market`, `to`, `quote` or `coin` | The ticker of the coin to query | [Supported tickers](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global) |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "1",
  "data": {
    "endpoint": "dominance",
    "coin": "ETH"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "data": {
      "active_cryptocurrencies": 5957,
      "upcoming_icos": 0,
      "ongoing_icos": 52,
      "ended_icos": 3373,
      "markets": 541,
      "total_market_cap": {
        "btc": 30989831.79926188,
        "eth": 1002584380.7395577,
        "ltc": 7874292256.0918255,
        "bch": 1532212026.6933346,
        "bnb": 12865279127.650606,
        "eos": 146311079039.56436,
        "xrp": 1516169090335.9976,
        "xlm": 4552439205624.754,
        "link": 37340996120.73051,
        ...
      },
      "total_volume": {
        "btc": 3796204.0720707024,
        "eth": 122814958.57775663,
        "ltc": 964588014.5745924,
        "bch": 187693485.16268748,
        "bnb": 1575975801.6459033,
        "eos": 17922869592.737896,
        "xrp": 185728251510.49503,
        "xlm": 557666410137.1028,
        "link": 4574211388.00985,
        ...
      },
      "market_cap_percentage": {
        "btc": 59.76998558746993,
        "eth": 11.279054372152645,
        "usdt": 4.2918601818054105,
        "xrp": 2.9844952413180397,
        "bch": 1.2106035362038838,
        "bnb": 1.1507246890199336,
        "link": 1.050511825669937,
        "dot": 0.9735970943267678,
        "ada": 0.8605029833772749,
        "ltc": 0.8346408581868999
      },
      "market_cap_change_percentage_24h_usd": -0.2995489834770486,
      "updated_at": 1603237580
    },
    "result": 30989831.79926188
  },
  "result": 59.76998558746993,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Marketcap Endpoint

Query the Market Cap for the requested assets

### Input Params

|         Required?          |            Name            |                  Description                   |                                        Options                                         | Defaults to |
| :------------------------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|  (✅ if not using `base`)  |          `coinid`          |     The CoinGecko id of the coin to query      | [See list here](https://www.coingecko.com/api/documentations/v3#/coins/get_coins_list) |             |
| (✅ if not using `coinid`) | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |      The symbol of the currency to query       |                                           ↑                                            |             |
|             ✅             | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to fecth market cap |                                           ↑                                            |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "jobId": "1",
  "data": {
    "endpoint": "marketcap",
    "base": "ETH",
    "quote": "USD"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "result": 177000170328.04462,
  "statusCode": 200,
  "data": {
    "result": 177000170328.04462
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Batch requests (#460)
* perf: bring back batch requests for price endpoint symbols of TA source adapters

* feat(coinapi): add new endpoint assets that supports batch quotes in USD

* Update packages/core/bootstrap/src/lib/external-adapter/requester.ts

Co-authored-by: HenryNguyen5 <6404866+HenryNguyen5@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update packages/core/bootstrap/src/lib/external-adapter/requester.ts

Co-authored-by: HenryNguyen5 <6404866+HenryNguyen5@users.noreply.github.com>

* refactor: requested changes

* test(requester.ts): add withResult unit tests & additional requested changes

Co-authored-by: HenryNguyen5 <6404866+HenryNguyen5@users.noreply.github.com>

packages/sources/coingecko/README.md, after:

# Chainlink External Adapter for CoinGecko

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |                                                                         Options                                                                         | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint), [globalmarketcap](#Global-Market-Capitalization-Endpoint), [dominance](#Dominance-Endpoint), [marketcap](#Marketcap-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Query the price from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/simple/price)

### Input Params

|         Required?          |            Name            |                                                                  Description                                                                   |                                        Options                                         | Defaults to |
| :------------------------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|  (✅ if not using `base`)  |          `coinid`          | The CoinGecko id or array of ids of the coin(s) to query (Note: because of current limitations to use a dummy `base` will need to be supplied) | [See list here](https://www.coingecko.com/api/documentations/v3#/coins/get_coins_list) |             |
| (✅ if not using `coinid`) | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |                                            The symbol or array of symbols of the currency to query                                             |                                           ↑                                            |             |
|             ✅             | `quote`, `to`, or `market` |                                                    The symbol of the currency to convert to                                                    |                                           ↑                                            |             |
|                            |        `overrides`         |                                           If base provided is found in overrides, that will be used                                            |  [Format](../../core/bootstrap/src/lib/external-adapter/overrides/presetSymbols.json)  |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "1",
  "data": {
    "base": "ETH",
    "quote": "USD"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "ethereum": {
      "usd": 157.24
    },
    "result": 157.24
  },
  "result": 157.24,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Global Market Capitalization Endpoint

Query the global market cap from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global)

### Input Params

| Required? |               Name                |           Description           |                           Options                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `market`, `to`, `quote` or `coin` | The ticker of the coin to query | [Supported tickers](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global) |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "1",
  "data": {
    "endpoint": "globalmarketcap",
    "coin": "ETH"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "data": {
      "active_cryptocurrencies": 5957,
      "upcoming_icos": 0,
      "ongoing_icos": 52,
      "ended_icos": 3373,
      "markets": 541,
      "total_market_cap": {
        "btc": 30989831.79926188,
        "eth": 1002584380.7395577,
        "ltc": 7874292256.0918255,
        "bch": 1532212026.6933346,
        "bnb": 12865279127.650606,
        "eos": 146311079039.56436,
        "xrp": 1516169090335.9976,
        "xlm": 4552439205624.754,
        "link": 37340996120.73051,
        ...
      },
      "total_volume": {
        "btc": 3796204.0720707024,
        "eth": 122814958.57775663,
        "ltc": 964588014.5745924,
        "bch": 187693485.16268748,
        "bnb": 1575975801.6459033,
        "eos": 17922869592.737896,
        "xrp": 185728251510.49503,
        "xlm": 557666410137.1028,
        "link": 4574211388.00985,
        ...
      },
      "market_cap_percentage": {
        "btc": 59.76998558746993,
        "eth": 11.279054372152645,
        "usdt": 4.2918601818054105,
        "xrp": 2.9844952413180397,
        "bch": 1.2106035362038838,
        "bnb": 1.1507246890199336,
        "link": 1.050511825669937,
        "dot": 0.9735970943267678,
        "ada": 0.8605029833772749,
        "ltc": 0.8346408581868999
      },
      "market_cap_change_percentage_24h_usd": -0.2995489834770486,
      "updated_at": 1603237580
    },
    "result": 30989831.79926188
  },
  "result": 30989831.79926188,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Dominance Endpoint

Query the market dominance percentage from [Coingecko](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global)

### Input Params

| Required? |               Name                |           Description           |                           Options                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------------------------: | :-----------------------------: | :----------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `market`, `to`, `quote` or `coin` | The ticker of the coin to query | [Supported tickers](https://api.coingecko.com/api/v3/global) |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "1",
  "data": {
    "endpoint": "dominance",
    "coin": "ETH"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "data": {
      "active_cryptocurrencies": 5957,
      "upcoming_icos": 0,
      "ongoing_icos": 52,
      "ended_icos": 3373,
      "markets": 541,
      "total_market_cap": {
        "btc": 30989831.79926188,
        "eth": 1002584380.7395577,
        "ltc": 7874292256.0918255,
        "bch": 1532212026.6933346,
        "bnb": 12865279127.650606,
        "eos": 146311079039.56436,
        "xrp": 1516169090335.9976,
        "xlm": 4552439205624.754,
        "link": 37340996120.73051,
        ...
      },
      "total_volume": {
        "btc": 3796204.0720707024,
        "eth": 122814958.57775663,
        "ltc": 964588014.5745924,
        "bch": 187693485.16268748,
        "bnb": 1575975801.6459033,
        "eos": 17922869592.737896,
        "xrp": 185728251510.49503,
        "xlm": 557666410137.1028,
        "link": 4574211388.00985,
        ...
      },
      "market_cap_percentage": {
        "btc": 59.76998558746993,
        "eth": 11.279054372152645,
        "usdt": 4.2918601818054105,
        "xrp": 2.9844952413180397,
        "bch": 1.2106035362038838,
        "bnb": 1.1507246890199336,
        "link": 1.050511825669937,
        "dot": 0.9735970943267678,
        "ada": 0.8605029833772749,
        "ltc": 0.8346408581868999
      },
      "market_cap_change_percentage_24h_usd": -0.2995489834770486,
      "updated_at": 1603237580
    },
    "result": 30989831.79926188
  },
  "result": 59.76998558746993,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

## Marketcap Endpoint

Query the Market Cap for the requested assets

### Input Params

|         Required?          |            Name            |                  Description                   |                                        Options                                         | Defaults to |
| :------------------------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|  (✅ if not using `base`)  |          `coinid`          |     The CoinGecko id of the coin to query      | [See list here](https://www.coingecko.com/api/documentations/v3#/coins/get_coins_list) |             |
| (✅ if not using `coinid`) | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |      The symbol of the currency to query       |                                           ↑                                            |             |
|             ✅             | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to fecth market cap |                                           ↑                                            |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "jobId": "1",
  "data": {
    "endpoint": "marketcap",
    "base": "ETH",
    "quote": "USD"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "result": 177000170328.04462,
  "statusCode": 200,
  "data": {
    "result": 177000170328.04462
  }
}
```
