alphavantage/README.md, before:

# Chainlink External Adapter for AlphaVantage

Use this adapter for connecting to [AlphaVantage's API](https://www.alphavantage.co/documentation/) from a Chainlink node.

### Environment Variables

| Required? |  Name   |                                      Description                                      | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-----: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | API_KEY | An API key that can be obtained from [here](https://www.alphavantage.co/support/#api-key) |         |             |

---

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |         Options          | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :----------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Returns the exchange rate from a currency's current price to a given currency

### Input Params

| Required? |            Name            |               Description                |                                                                          Options                                                                           | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    | [Physical Currency list](https://www.alphavantage.co/physical_currency_list/) or [Cryptocurrency list](https://www.alphavantage.co/digital_currency_list/) |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to | [Physical Currency list](https://www.alphavantage.co/physical_currency_list/) or [Cryptocurrency list](https://www.alphavantage.co/digital_currency_list/) |             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "Realtime Currency Exchange Rate": {
      "1. From_Currency Code": "ETH",
      "2. From_Currency Name": "Ethereum",
      "3. To_Currency Code": "USD",
      "4. To_Currency Name": "United States Dollar",
      "5. Exchange Rate": "170.88000000",
      "6. Last Refreshed": "2020-04-16 19:15:01",
      "7. Time Zone": "UTC",
      "8. Bid Price": "170.84000000",
      "9. Ask Price": "170.88000000"
    },
    "result": 170.88
  },
  "result": 170.88,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

Commit message:

Overrides Input parameter (#384)
* override format validator. coingecko impl

* price adapter use overrides

* overrides validator test

* override inside validator

* refactor

* more adapters added

* more adapters added

* readmes updated

* lint fix

* preset symbols used

re

* tests updated

* merge with lodash

* fix merge

alphavantage/README.md, after:

# Chainlink External Adapter for AlphaVantage

Use this adapter for connecting to [AlphaVantage's API](https://www.alphavantage.co/documentation/) from a Chainlink node.

### Environment Variables

| Required? |  Name   |                                      Description                                      | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-----: | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | API_KEY | An API key that can be obtained from [here](https://www.alphavantage.co/support/#api-key) |         |             |

---

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |         Options          | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :----------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Returns the exchange rate from a currency's current price to a given currency

### Input Params

| Required? |            Name            |               Description                |                                                                          Options                                                                           | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    | [Physical Currency list](https://www.alphavantage.co/physical_currency_list/) or [Cryptocurrency list](https://www.alphavantage.co/digital_currency_list/) |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to | [Physical Currency list](https://www.alphavantage.co/physical_currency_list/) or [Cryptocurrency list](https://www.alphavantage.co/digital_currency_list/) |             |
|    🟡     |   `overrides`   | If base provided is found in overrides, that will be used  | [Format](../presetSymbols.json)|             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "Realtime Currency Exchange Rate": {
      "1. From_Currency Code": "ETH",
      "2. From_Currency Name": "Ethereum",
      "3. To_Currency Code": "USD",
      "4. To_Currency Name": "United States Dollar",
      "5. Exchange Rate": "170.88000000",
      "6. Last Refreshed": "2020-04-16 19:15:01",
      "7. Time Zone": "UTC",
      "8. Bid Price": "170.84000000",
      "9. Ask Price": "170.88000000"
    },
    "result": 170.88
  },
  "result": 170.88,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```
