cryptocompare/README.md, before:

# Chainlink External Adapter for CryptoCompare

### Environment Variables

| Required? |  Name   |                                      Description                                       | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-----: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | API_KEY | An API key that can be obtained from [here](https://min-api.cryptocompare.com/pricing) |         |             |

---

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |         Options          | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :----------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint) |   `price`   |

---

## Price Endpoint

### Input Params

| Required? |          Name           |               Description                | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :---------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    |         |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to |         |             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "278c97ffadb54a5bbb93cfec5f7b5503",
  "data": {
    "USD": 164.02,
    "result": 164.02
  },
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

Commit message:

Overrides Input parameter (#384)
* override format validator. coingecko impl

* price adapter use overrides

* overrides validator test

* override inside validator

* refactor

* more adapters added

* more adapters added

* readmes updated

* lint fix

* preset symbols used

re

* tests updated

* merge with lodash

* fix merge

cryptocompare/README.md, after:

# Chainlink External Adapter for CryptoCompare

### Environment Variables

| Required? |  Name   |                                      Description                                       | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-----: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | API_KEY | An API key that can be obtained from [here](https://min-api.cryptocompare.com/pricing) |         |             |

---

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |         Options          | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :----------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint) |   `price`   |

---

## Price Endpoint

### Input Params

| Required? |          Name           |               Description                | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :---------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    |         |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to |         |             |
|    🟡     |   `overrides`   | If base provided is found in overrides, that will be used  | [Format](../presetSymbols.json)|             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "278c97ffadb54a5bbb93cfec5f7b5503",
  "data": {
    "USD": 164.02,
    "result": 164.02
  },
  "statusCode": 200
}
```
