packages/composites/proof-of-reserves/README.md, before:

# Chainlink Proof of Reserves composite adapter

This composite adapter first queries a list of custodial contracts of a protocol, then queries the BTC balances of each of these addresses, and finally reduces the balances to one total result.

## Configuration

Each request to this composite adapter uses two underlying adapters, therefore their location needs to be defined.

At least one of each of the following categories must be set as an environment variable:

1. A protocol adapter to retrieve custodial addresses

   | Required? |           Name            |               Description                | Options | Defaults to |
   | :-------: | :-----------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
   |           | `WBTC_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`  | The location of a WBTC external adapter  |         |             |
   |           | `RENVM_DATA_PROVIDER_URL` | The location of a RenVM external adapter |         |             |

2. An indexer adapter to retrieve account balances for each custodial address

   | Required? |                Name                |                    Description                    | Options | Defaults to |
   | :-------: | :--------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
   |           |   `AMBERDATA_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`    |   The location of an Amberdata external adapter   |         |             |
   |           | `BLOCKCHAIN_COM_DATA_PROVIDER_URL` | The location of a Blockchain.com external adapter |         |             |
   |           |  `BLOCKCYPHER_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`   |  The location of a Blockcypher external adapter   |         |             |
   |           |   `BLOCKCHAIR_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`   |   The location of a Blockchair external adapter   |         |             |
   |           |    `BTC_COM_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`     |    The location of a BTC.com external adapter     |         |             |
   |           |   `CRYPTOAPIS_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`   |  The location of a Crypto APIs external adapter   |         |             |
   |           |    `SOCHAIN_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`     |    The location of a SoChain external adapter     |         |             |

## Running

See the [Composite Adapter README](../README.md) for more information on how to get started.

### Input Params

| Required? |      Name       |                                             Description                                              |                                            Options                                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|     ✅     |   `protocol`    |                                 The protocol external adapter to use                                 |                                        `renvm`, `wbtc`                                        |             |
|     ✅     |    `indexer`    |                                 The indexer external adapter to use                                  | `amberdata`, `blockchain_com`, `blockcypher`. `blockchair`, `btc_com`,`cryptoapis`, `sochain` |             |
|          | `confirmations` | The number of confirmations required for a transaction to be counted when getting an address balance |                                                                                               |      6      |

Additionally the first underlying adapter in the sequence, in this case the protocol adapter, may have parameters.

For example RenVM uses the following:

| Required? |       Name        |                  Description                   |                         Options                         | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :---------------: | :--------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|           |     `network`     |          The RenVM network to talk to          |            `mainnet`, `chaosnet`, `testnet`             |  `testnet`  |
|           | `tokenOrContract` | The token or contract to return an address for | `RenTokens`, `RenContract`, `Asset`, `BTC` `ZEC`, `BCH` |    `BTC`    |

Please check the protocol external adapter's README for more information.

Commit message:

feat(proof of reserves): add ability to provide list of addresses directly (#598)

packages/composites/proof-of-reserves/README.md, after:

# Chainlink Proof of Reserves composite adapter

This composite adapter first queries a list of custodial contracts of a protocol, then queries the BTC balances of each of these addresses, and finally reduces the balances to one total result.

## Configuration

Each request to this composite adapter uses two underlying adapters, therefore their location needs to be defined.

At least one of each of the following categories must be set as an environment variable:

1. A protocol adapter to retrieve custodial addresses (if not using `list`)

   | Required? |           Name            |               Description                | Options | Defaults to |
   | :-------: | :-----------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
   |           | `WBTC_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`  | The location of a WBTC external adapter  |         |             |
   |           | `RENVM_DATA_PROVIDER_URL` | The location of a RenVM external adapter |         |             |

2. An indexer adapter to retrieve account balances for each custodial address

   | Required? |                Name                |                    Description                    | Options | Defaults to |
   | :-------: | :--------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
   |           |   `AMBERDATA_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`    |   The location of an Amberdata external adapter   |         |             |
   |           | `BLOCKCHAIN_COM_DATA_PROVIDER_URL` | The location of a Blockchain.com external adapter |         |             |
   |           |  `BLOCKCYPHER_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`   |  The location of a Blockcypher external adapter   |         |             |
   |           |   `BLOCKCHAIR_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`   |   The location of a Blockchair external adapter   |         |             |
   |           |    `BTC_COM_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`     |    The location of a BTC.com external adapter     |         |             |
   |           |   `CRYPTOAPIS_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`   |  The location of a Crypto APIs external adapter   |         |             |
   |           |    `SOCHAIN_DATA_PROVIDER_URL`     |    The location of a SoChain external adapter     |         |             |

## Running

See the [Composite Adapter README](../README.md) for more information on how to get started.

### Input Params

| Required? |      Name       |                                             Description                                              |                                            Options                                            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     |   `protocol`    |                                 The protocol external adapter to use                                 |                                    `renvm`, `wbtc`, `list`                                    |             |
|    ✅     |    `indexer`    |                                 The indexer external adapter to use                                  | `amberdata`, `blockchain_com`, `blockcypher`. `blockchair`, `btc_com`,`cryptoapis`, `sochain` |             |
|           | `confirmations` | The number of confirmations required for a transaction to be counted when getting an address balance |                                                                                               |      6      |
|           |   `addresses`   |           An array of addresses to get the balance from, when "protocol" is set to `list`            |                                                                                               |             |

Additionally the first underlying adapter in the sequence, in this case the protocol adapter, may have parameters.

For example RenVM uses the following:

| Required? |       Name        |                  Description                   |                         Options                         | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :---------------: | :--------------------------------------------: | :-----------------------------------------------------: | :---------: |
|           |     `network`     |          The RenVM network to talk to          |            `mainnet`, `chaosnet`, `testnet`             |  `testnet`  |
|           | `tokenOrContract` | The token or contract to return an address for | `RenTokens`, `RenContract`, `Asset`, `BTC` `ZEC`, `BCH` |    `BTC`    |

Please check the protocol external adapter's README for more information.
