packages/sources/binance/README.md, before:

# Chainlink External Adapter for Binance

Adapter using the public Binance market API for both HTTP(s) and WS.

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |           Options            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :--------------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [ticker](#Ticker-Endpoint) |   ticker   |

---

## Ticker Endpoint

An example endpoint description

### Input Params

| Required? |            Name            |               Description                |       Options       | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :-----------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    | |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to | |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "1",
  "data": {
    "base": "ETH",
    "quote": "USDT"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "278c97ffadb54a5bbb93cfec5f7b5503",
  "result": 2429.02,
  "data": {
    "result": 2429.02
  },
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

Commit message:

Price endpoint refactor (#641)
* refactor: refactor

* refactor: refactor external adapters

* fix: attempting to update yarn

* fixed yarn cache and made RPC URL optional

* feat: wIP

* refactor: migrated to buildSelector for more adapters

* refactor: added more adapters

* potential fix to checksum

* fix: fixed yarn issue, updated twelvedata and coinapi

* refactor: refactoring price endpoint

* refactor: finished price refactor

* Update package.json

Co-authored-by: Justin Kaseman <justinkaseman@live.com>

Co-authored-by: Silas Lenihan <sjl58@duke.edu>
Co-authored-by: Justin Kaseman <justinkaseman@live.com>

packages/sources/binance/README.md, after:

# Chainlink External Adapter for Binance

Adapter using the public Binance market API for both HTTP(s) and WS.

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |           Options            | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :--------------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [crypto](#Crypto-Endpoint) |   ticker   |

---

## Crypto Endpoint
##### NOTE: the `price` endpoint is temporarily still supported, however, is being deprecated. Please use the `crypto` endpoint instead.
An example endpoint description

### Input Params

| Required? |            Name            |               Description                |       Options       | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------------------------: | :--------------------------------------: | :-----------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |   The symbol of the currency to query    | |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, or `market` | The symbol of the currency to convert to | |             |

### Sample Input

```json
{
  "id": "1",
  "data": {
    "base": "ETH",
    "quote": "USDT"
  }
}
```

### Sample Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "278c97ffadb54a5bbb93cfec5f7b5503",
  "result": 2429.02,
  "data": {
    "result": 2429.02
  },
  "statusCode": 200
}
```
