polygon/README.md, before:

# Chainlink Polygon External Adapter

This adapter is for [Polygon.io](https://polygon.io/) and supports the conversion endpoint.

### Environment Variables

| Required? |  Name   |                                   Description                                    | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-----: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | API_KEY | An API key that can be obtained from [here](https://polygon.io/dashboard/signup) |         |             |

---

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |         Options          | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :----------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Get FOREX price conversions

### Input Params

| Required? |            Name            |                 Description                  |       Options       | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------------------------: | :------------------------------------------: | :-----------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |     The symbol of the currency to query      | `BTC`, `ETH`, `USD` |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, or `market` |   The symbol of the currency to convert to   | `BTC`, `ETH`, `USD` |             |
|    🟡     |          `amount`          |     The amount of the `base` to convert      |                     |      1      |
|    🟡     |        `precision`         | The number of significant figures to include |                     |      4      |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "status": "success",
    "last": {
      "bid": 0.8131,
      "ask": 0.8133,
      "exchange": 48,
      "timestamp": 1587501544000
    },
    "from": "GBP",
    "to": "USD",
    "initialAmount": 1,
    "converted": 1.2299,
    "result": 1.2299
  },
  "result": 1.2299,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```

Commit message:

Overrides Input parameter (#384)
* override format validator. coingecko impl

* price adapter use overrides

* overrides validator test

* override inside validator

* refactor

* more adapters added

* more adapters added

* readmes updated

* lint fix

* preset symbols used

re

* tests updated

* merge with lodash

* fix merge

polygon/README.md, after:

# Chainlink Polygon External Adapter

This adapter is for [Polygon.io](https://polygon.io/) and supports the conversion endpoint.

### Environment Variables

| Required? |  Name   |                                   Description                                    | Options | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :-----: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :-----: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | API_KEY | An API key that can be obtained from [here](https://polygon.io/dashboard/signup) |         |             |

---

### Input Parameters

| Required? |   Name   |     Description     |         Options          | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------: | :-----------------: | :----------------------: | :---------: |
|           | endpoint | The endpoint to use | [price](#Price-Endpoint) |    price    |

---

## Price Endpoint

Get FOREX price conversions

### Input Params

| Required? |            Name            |                 Description                  |       Options       | Defaults to |
| :-------: | :------------------------: | :------------------------------------------: | :-----------------: | :---------: |
|    ✅     | `base`, `from`, or `coin`  |     The symbol of the currency to query      | `BTC`, `ETH`, `USD` |             |
|    ✅     | `quote`, `to`, or `market` |   The symbol of the currency to convert to   | `BTC`, `ETH`, `USD` |             |
|    🟡     |          `amount`          |     The amount of the `base` to convert      |                     |      1      |
|    🟡     |        `precision`         | The number of significant figures to include |                     |      4      |
|    🟡     |   `overrides`   | If base provided is found in overrides, that will be used  | [Format](../presetSymbols.json)|             |

### Output

```json
{
  "jobRunID": "1",
  "data": {
    "status": "success",
    "last": {
      "bid": 0.8131,
      "ask": 0.8133,
      "exchange": 48,
      "timestamp": 1587501544000
    },
    "from": "GBP",
    "to": "USD",
    "initialAmount": 1,
    "converted": 1.2299,
    "result": 1.2299
  },
  "result": 1.2299,
  "statusCode": 200
}
```
